Who offers the music programme of the university?
The Music Performance Center

Who can join the music Ensembles?
All members of the University are warmly welcome to join the Leuphana University Ensembles!
Some ensembles audition their applicants. These are: The Chamber Choir, The Camerata, and the Big Band.
Prerequisites for all ensembles are a positive attitude, active participation and energy at rehearsals.

How many active musicians are there at the university?
There are approximately 300 active musicians here at Leuphana University.

What genres of music are practiced?
From classical to pop and musical to jazz almost all genres are represented and there is something for everyone.


Which Ensembles are offered?
The university choir, the Chamber Choir, the orchestra, the Camerata, and the Big Band

University Choir
•	weekly monday 6pm-8pm
•	In room HS 3
•	registration via myStudy (Beginning of semester)

Leuphana Chamber Choir
•	weekly thursday 6pm-9pm
•	In room C16.310
•	audition needed registration via myStudy (Beginning of semester)
Camerata
•	weekly tuesday 6pm-8pm
•	In room C16.310
•	application via Email registration via myStudy (Beginning of semester)
Orchestra
•	weekly tuesday 7pm-9pm
•	In room C16.310
•	registration via myStudy (Beginning of semester)
Big Band
•	weekly wednesday 6pm-8pm
•	In room C16.310
•	audition needed registration via myStudy (Beginning of semester)

Who can you contact for further information?
Rebecca Lang the Director of Music. E-Mail: rebecca.lang@leuphana.de, in room C16.204.
Heide Klose-Alpers of the Music Performance Center. E-mail: musikdirektion@leuphana.de, in room C16.205.



Choir of Leuphana Universität Lüneburg
Who can join the choir of the Leuphana Universität Lüneburg?
You don't need any prior knowledge or vocal training. Every person has a voice! If you enjoy singing and would like to make music with other fabulous people, then you have come to the right place!
What genres of music do they sing?
From Pop to Music Theatre, from Baroque to Jazz - we sing it all and look forward to welcoming new members!
When and where are the rehearsals?
Rehearsals will take place on Mondays between 6pm and 8 pm, HS 3.

Questions? Further Info?
Just contact: musikdirektion@leuphana.de
Where do you sign up?
Please sign up for the choir on myStudy.

Chamber Choir
Who can join the chamber choir?
People who are interested in singing challenging repertoire at a high level. Auditions needed. Membership of this ensemble is based on musical and vocal competency.
When are rehearsals?
Every Thursday from 6pm till 9pm.
What genres of music do they play?
Several projects each semester, with many arrangement specifically written for our ensemble. We perform at official university events as cultural ambassadors for our university.

Who can I contact for further information?
For further questions and information, please contact chamber choir manager Claudia Thao:
musikdirektion@leuphana.de

Leuphana Big Band
What instruments are part of the Big Band?
trumpet, trombone, saxophone, piano, guitar, bass and drums.
Who can join the Big Band?
People that love playing jazz, swing, funk and latin. People that are somewhat advanced on their instrument or have experience playing jazz or big band repertoire.
An audition is required to join the big band.
How can you audition?
Appointments can be booked at the following link:
terminplaner6.dfn.de/b/8dcd98997766f43a094008fbd00ff154-1157155

When are rehearsals?
Every Wednesday from 6:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m. in C16.310.

Who conducts the big band?
Big band conducted by Hartmut Singer.


Where can I get further information?
For further information regarding auditions or if you have any questions, please contact:
musikdirektion@leuphana.de


